Revamp docs for rejecting-revoked-tokens in choreo-connect (#3788)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/security/rejecting-revoked-tokens.md

# Rejecting Revoked Tokens

> After issuing an access token, a user or admin can revoke it in any reason like security violation. Choreo Connect will be rejecting the revoked tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After issuing an access token, a user or admin can revoke it due to any reason, such as security violation. If a revoked token is used to invoke an API, Choreo Connect will reject the invocation by returning an Unauthenticated response.
```

!!! note
    Revoking the access token can only be done by enabling the Control Plane Event hub. So you need to follow [this]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/deploy-api/deploy-api-to-choreo-connect/#via-api-manager) as initial setup to enable Control Plane.

!!! info
    When you revoke an access token using APIM, the same information will be collected by Choreo Connect via the Control Plane Event hub and the Choreo Connect will reject the same token.

### Revoking an Access Token

Here are the steps to revoking an Access Token.

!!! info 

>     Before you begin make sure you have enabled the Control Plane with Choreo Connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before you begin, make sure you have enabled the Control Plane with Choreo Connect
```

            AuthorizedUser: <your-user-name>@carbon.super
            RevokedRefreshToken: 6350cf06-d6b6-3e4a-8833-768150af1b44
            Date: Sat, 01 May 2021 07:20:57 GMT
            Content-Type: text/html
            Content-Length: 0
            Server: WSO2 Carbon Server
    
        Note that if you use an invalid access token, you still receive an empty response with the HTTP status as 200 but only the following HTTP headers are returned:
        
            X-Frame-Options: DENY
            X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
            X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block
            Cache-Control: no-store
            Pragma: no-cache
            Date: Sat, 01 May 2021 07:30:15 GMT
            Content-Type: text/html
            Content-Length: 0
            Server: WSO2 Carbon Server    
    ```

    !!! info

>         Once the token is revoked, if you check the logs in `adapter`, you will be able to see the following appeared there, which means the `adapter` has received the token revocation data from the control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Once the token is revoked, if you check the logs in `adapter`, you will be able to see the following logs appeared there, which means the `adapter` has received the token revocation data from the control plane.
```

>         Once the token is revoked, if you check the logs in `adapter`, you will be able to see the following logs appeared there, which means the `adapter` has received the token revocation data from the control plane.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Once the token is revoked, if you check the logs in `adapter`, you will see the following logs appear, which means the `adapter` has received the token revocation data from the control plane.
```
